The victim is Tony Sallinger.
He was found dead in his hotel room
by his sister Ruth.
From now on. no more secrets.
What do you think he meant by that?
I have no idea.
Anybody else think it's very
convenient this guy gets murdered
hours after he gets married?
A contaminated batch of heroin
was taken out of circulation.
Tony was involved in a fatal RTA
15 years ago.
Guess who the attending officer was.
The first person on the scene.
Richard Gibbon. He took Tony to
the hospital to get the blood test.
Basically exonerated him.
Can I come down now? I'm getting
a bit hungry. Nearly. darling.
I leave in five days.
You need someone.
I think I know who killed Tony.
I think it was my mum.
What makes you say that? Because
12 years ago she killed my father.
They found my dad's car
by the cliffs.
with a note inside...
...but no body.
He's never been found.
This was two weeks
before my graduation.
He was coming up to Manchester.
He'd booked his train ticket.
a hotel.
He'd even bought a new suit.
I just don't think that sounds like
someone planning to kill themselves.
But why do you think your mother
might have killed him?
Dad phoned me four days
before he died.
He was crying.
He said him and Monica had
had a fight.
She'd been drying the carving knife.
when she just snapped.
She'd threatened him with it.
Literally. like. pointed it at him.
And. would you believe it.
a few days later he was dead.
And you didn't say anything
to Monica?
No. not at the time. no.
But I did seven years later. though.
I told her what I thought
she'd done. Why then?
That was when Dad was officially
declared dead.
So Monica arranged this.
like. memorial service...
...and I watched her and...
...she was relieved...
...and she was happy.
so I told her I knew about
the knife.
I said. "I think you killed him."
And. well. it destroyed
our relationship.
But. over the next few years.
I started to have doubts.
I started to think
maybe I was wrong.
and I...
I missed her.
I missed my mum.
But now you're saying. again.
she killed your father?
Because then I found out about
Tony saying "no more secrets".
Because then I found out
that he was stabbed.
MOBILE PHONE BUZZES
Erm. just give me two minutes.
NICOLA SIGHS
OK.
So Nicola's dad Alan Barton's
disappearance
was properly investigated
at the time
but it was deemed not suspicious.
Was there any mention of Monica
threatening him with a knife?
Yeah. Hang on...
She said that he imagined it.
You know that came out
at the memorial service?
Yeah. there was a big argument.
It was a bit more than an argument.
Nicola was cautioned
for harassing Monica
and being drunk and disorderly.
She made the accusation to
the officer that arrested her
and the CCRC.
they reopened the case.
they went through it all again.
but they were happy that the
original investigation was sound.
It's been through the mill
twice already.
OK. yeah. Thanks. Simon.
No worries.
DOOR OPENS
Thank you for bringing this
to our attention. Nicola.
Leave it with us and we'll reach out
if there's anything else we need.
Oh.
Right.
So that's...
That's it. then?
Gotcha.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Thanks for your time. DCI Bergerac.
RECORDING: There are
so many things we...
We just bury.
And we think it's the right thing
to do.
What's that?
Tony's speech is on Facebook.
Christ. The whole thing?
Since when?
Erm. it went on a couple
of minutes after he made it.
It's on the Jersey Golfing Group.
The lad that posted it is a caddy
but he was also helping out
at the hotel with the catering.
It was his first gig. I don't think
he's going to be getting another.
How many people are in that group?
87.
Kara. can you get that taken down
ASAP? Yeah. I'll see what I can do.
Hey. Did you see that?
The video of the speech? Yeah.
Last thing we need.
Right. where were we
with Richard's report?
OK. so. Tony was acquitted
of causing death by dangerous
driving on three counts.
Ice on the road. his clean blood
alcohol test and a witness.
Witness was the barman at the pub
where Tony spent his evening.
But Andy Todd was mistaken.
The witness did not say that
Tony was drunk. His statement
at the inquest said Tony was
drinking orange juice all night.
Now. ask me who the barman was.
Who was the barman?
Karl Furman. Karl?
He used to work for a living?
Apparently he wasn't always
the lovable heroin addict
we now know.
But. like I said. his statement
says Tony was stone-cold sober.
What did Nicola Barton want?
She claims Monica killed her father.
and so killed Tony to cover it up.
Jesus! Based on what?
Nothing. you know? A feeling.
It's just like Andy. You know.
she just wants to make sense
of a shitty. shitty thing.
Is this the whole file? Yeah.
It says here that Karl
was interviewed
the morning after the crash.
but all I can find here is...
...the inquest statement.
Where's the original statement
from the day after the crash?
Karl's initial statement is missing.
And if it was assigned a
document number. then it was here.
It's been removed...
...some time between then and now.
Do you think Karl's original
statement said Tony was drunk
and he changed his story
at the inquest?
Let's make that our first question.
That might be tricky.
I talked to Robbery.
they're already looking for Karl
but he's hiding under
a rock somewhere.
OK. get on to Response. I want
everyone looking for Karl Furman.
In the meantime.
let's pay Richard Gibbon a visit.
Erm. don't you think
that's a bit premature?
I mean. it's one missing statement.
It's just a conversation.
It was his case. after all.
If Andy Todd wants to make
an accusation of corruption.
we should be going to
Professional Standards.
OK. what would we say to them?
Andy didn't even give us a name.
OK. but this has to be
strictly fact-finding.
There can be no mention
of the C word.
Trust me. five minutes with Richard
and you'll want to use the C word.
but. yeah. it's purely
for background.
That said...
That said. what? That said...
What's this? Just a hunch.
Erm. bear with...
Just...
I knew it. Richard Gibbon
is in the same Facebook group
where the speech was posted.
OK. so he sees the speech. yeah?
He rushes over to the hotel to stop
Tony from exposing their secret...
We don't know that
they had a secret.
And we don't know that they didn't.
so. look. they talk. they argue.
yada-yada. because...
...that is not a guest
or a member of staff.
so let's find out where Richard was
on Saturday night.
Thank you. my love.
Yes. thank you. Mrs Gibbon.
You're welcome.
30 years next month.
I'd be lost without her.
Absolute carcass.
Shadow of my former self.
RICHARD CHUCKLES
Oh. I'm so sorry Jim. how
insensitive. No. it's fine.
Keep your eye on this one.
Such precocious talent.
right from the get-go. Yeah.
Lone wolf. we called him. Didn't
like to mix with us mere mortals.
Or maybe that was just me.
Lone wolf? It'd be terrible if the
rest of the team heard about that.
Oh. and hard luck on
the promotion. Barney.
Tough year this year.
But we thought your interview
was...
...really something.
Richard. we wanted to ask you
about an RTA.
La Route de la Trinite.
winter. 15 years ago.
Gosh. hold on. Erm...
BMW hit a tree.
Route de la Trinite?
Accessing memory banks!
Oh. passenger died. is that right?
Yeah.
Driver survived.
Yes. it's coming back to me now.
So muggins here had to take him
to hospital for a blood test.
Was that really 15 years ago? Mm.
Why are you asking about it now?
The Hotel de Clairemont murder.
the victim was Tony Sallinger.
the driver of the car.
Good lord.
You know. I thought the name
rang a distant.
And you think the two things
might be related?
Well. we don't know...
...yet.
But someone has made
an allegation of corruption.
BARNEY GULPS
That's... Well. it's very vague.
Erm. look. they didn't even
give us a name. just...
...you know.
connected to this incident.
Well. I'm afraid that's all
I remember.
As I say. it was a long time ago.
Mm.
Absolutely. And all of this
is purely for context.
but we have already taken up
too much of your time.
so. Jim. we should go.
I haven't finished my tea.
Look. so we have the full picture.
where were you between 7:45pm
and 8:30pm on Saturday evening?
Bird-watching at Le Sauchet.
Bird-watching.
At night?
I'm sorry? It's a bit late.
I mean...
It's a bit late. no? At night?
I can't see how that would work.
The nightjar.
It's nocturnal. hence the name.
Do you birdwatch alone?
I do.
It's great to see you. Richard.
We agreed. We said no mention
of corruption - that was the plan.
He's got a very nice house for
a Superintendent. don't you think?
And his wife doesn't work.
I wonder when he bought it.
I wonder if it was after
Tony's car accident.
You think Tony bribed him and that's
how Tony ended up with the negative
blood test? It would be a pretty
solid motive to keep him quiet.
Also. there might be birds at Le
Sauchet. but you know there isn't?
CCTV. Which is the kind of thing
only a police officer would know.
OK. I will check traffic cams
between here and there
Saturday night for his car.
RADIO: Sighting of Karl Furman
at Fort Regent.
Suspect ran south from officer.
Two officers now searching
surrounding area. Any units...
That's what. five minutes away?
Let's go. lone wolf.
Uniform are up at the west side.
Right. go ahead. cut him off.
Oh. fuck.
You all right?
MUSIC BLARES FROM HEADPHONES
JIM GROANS
Karl... Karl!
HE BREATHES HEAVILY
Fuck!
Come on. love.
You're going to be late.
I try to restrict Charlie's access
to the moral high ground.
Something smells interesting.
Bottarga. It's Sicilian.
It's the cured eggs
of a grey mullet.
The question is.
what to pair it with?
A bucket. probably.
Did you get a chance to
look over the guest list
for your leaving party? No. not yet.
Oh. let's do it now. then. shall we?
Nigel. can we have the list?
Why. yes.
I shall be your glamorous assistant.
Thank you. sir.
I should have worn a leotard.
Erm... Looks good.
These are. what. Kim's friends?
Yeah? Kim's friends' parents.
Who. erm...
Erm. who...
Sorry. who are these people?
Who's Bella Rowntree?
They're my friends.
I rarely get to show off this family
and it's lovely. finally.
to have something to celebrate.
You're very welcome
to bring your friends. Jim.
Do you have friends? I don't think
I've ever seen you with one.
Yeah. I have friends.
Oh. you could bring that really
hot guy you work with. Erm. Barney?
I have no idea who that is.
Obviously we can't all fit in
to Tommassi's.
so I've moved it to the Lido.
Won't that be fun?
All you have to do is show up
in something that's not that.
Could we not have something smaller?
Just... Just us. Just family.
Let's put it to a vote.
Who's for a smaller affair?
I don't have my glasses on. but
I don't think Kim voted for that.
So not getting in to this.
So. who's for a more
fitting send-off
for our wonderful virtuoso?
Well. as Kim has not voted.
for some unfathomable reason.
that makes a tie.
Oh. what about you. Nigel?
Nigel gets a vote? I get a vote?
No.
I thought about what you said. Jim.
and. yes. maybe I have been
a little over-protective of Nigel.
I'm sure he can cope with
a few gossiping septuagenarians.
So. Nigel. as you're now part of
the family. you should vote. too.
Oh. right. Erm... Blimey.
In that case...
...I vote for a fitting send-off.
Wonderful. That's decided. then.
And nothing less than she deserves.
Mm.
I'm sure it'll be a lovely evening.
Hey. Uma wanted to see me?
Just take a seat.
I always get major headmaster's
office vibes here. Yeah.
So. look. I looked into the route
between Richard's house
and Le Sauchet on Saturday night.
He's got two ways he can get there.
only one has a traffic cam.
Let me guess. he took the other one.
Yeah. If that's where he went.
Right. let's widen the search.
see if we can pick his car up
anywhere near the hotel.
Good morning. Uma.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
Obviously you both know
Superintendent Richard Gibbon.
I think we should talk about
yesterday afternoon. don't you?
SHE EXHALES LOUDLY
I'm sorry about yesterday.
It was the news about Tony.
It brought back a lot of stuff
about Dad.
Well. I loved Dad. too. you know.
You forget that sometimes.
I know that sounds harsh...
...but you do.
I want to ask you something...
...about the things Dad said
before he died.
Oh. Nicola. please.
It would help me understand
why he...
Why he killed himself.
I want us to be honest
with each other.
He was. erm...
He was working too hard.
He wasn't sleeping.
Sometimes it was about money.
and then it would be something else.
it would be his health. his job.
But this is what I don't und...
Because every time I spoke to him.
he seemed fine.
That's because he didn't think that
there was anything wrong with him.
And some days there wasn't.
He was cheerful.
he was affectionate.
But. erm. it made it worse.
in a way.
because I'd wake up and I
wouldn't know who he'd be.
Is that what the...
...carving knife was about?
Because you can tell me.
I'd understand if...
If you were frightened of him.
No. I told you.
that never even happened.
He wasn't well.
He can't have been. to leave you.
DOOR CLOSES
Only me.
I hope you don't mind.
I took a set of your keys.
Oh.
You're back.
I come here more in sorrow
than in anger.
If there is an allegation
of corruption.
you should take it straight to
Professional Standards immediately.
What you do not do...
MOBILE PHONE RINGS
There is a clear and established
protocol. You know this.
Rules are there for a reason.
Rules are our guard rails...
MOBILE PHONE RINGS
Sorry.
Because this could be seen.
and I'm not saying it was.
but this could be seen
as harassment.
MOBILE PHONE RINGS
Fuck!
Just answer it. Jim.
No. no. I'm putting it on mute.
There you go.
Carry on. Richard. Sorry.
I just want to make sure that
we don't see a repeat of this
and that in future
protocol is followed.
It will be. Thank you. Richard.
And now I'm sure these two gentlemen
would like to offer you a full
and unreserved apology.
Absolutely. I apologise
for any distress
our actions may have caused you
or Mrs Gibbon.
Thank you. DI Crozier.
Ditto.
OK. it should only have been me
in there.
Feel free to say. "I told you so."
Uh-uh. For him to go to Uma
like that. that was beyond petty.
That was to get us to back off.
Why would he do that if he didn't
have anything to hide?
I'm going to go back through
his report. word-by-word.
"I come here more in sorrow
than in anger"? What a prick!
OK. great. Look. let's find his car.
MOBILE PHONE BUZZES
Find exactly where he was when Tony
was stabbed. Christ. who is this?
Look. I'll see you upstairs.
"Rules are our guard rails"?
Shut the fuck up!
Bergerac.
Michael?
Hey. whoa. slow down.
She's done what?
CHATTER
Emma. such a good turnout.
Did you tell them you were dying?
No. darling. I told them you
were going to eat a carbohydrate.
They didn't want to miss it.
And who might you be?
Oh. this is Nigel.
He and I are seeing each other.
Nigel. this is Emma and Donald.
And how long has this
been going on?
I'm very new.
It's a pleasure to meet you both.
That's quite a handshake there.
Donald. Let me guess. a yachtsman?
A 32-foot Berthon Gauntlet.
And what do you sail?
I used to surf. believe it or not.
When I was carrying
a little less ballast.
You don't surf anymore. then?
There's too much keeping me
on dry land these days.
You see that?
You see how he talks about her?
I bet he doesn't sign her
birthday card "best wishes".
Oh. she isn't?
Who's that? Millie Faversham.
I told you about her.
Her husband's been arrested
for insider trading.
She's having to rent out
her annexe as an Airbnb.
Now. that's no way to live.
I'll ask Bobby to escort her out.
No. that would be vicious.
Move her to the table
by the kitchen
and tell the waiters
not to serve her.
She should get the message.
Hello. Nigel Morton.
I'm here with Charlie Hungerford.
But then. you know Charlie.
don't you?
Charlie. look. it's Millie.
I've never been here before. so...
Would you excuse me?
Millie!
Scandal obviously suits you.
Look at those cheekbones!
SHOUTING AND SCREAMING
Run away. always the same!
BANGING ON DOOR
I can't believe it...!
Finally.
Erm. is everything OK? Arrest her!
She was secretly recording mother
with her phone.
Coming here.
pretending you're still family.
trying to entrap people like a...
Like a spy.
Hasn't mother been through enough?
Nicola. could you wait outside?
Fine.
I'd like to speak to Monica.
Well. I'm not stopping you.
She's right there.
Alone.
Michael. What?
Michael...
It's OK.
Come on.
Why does Nicola think
you killed her father?
Because she can't accept
what he did...
...because it would mean
that he didn't love her.
Nicola's an alcoholic.
Nicola's a mess.
and. erm...
SHE HUFFS
...you know. I know that
some of that is my fault.
But Nicola's dad...
...has to own some of that. too.
Doing what he did
broke all our hearts.
Michael's. too.
I think that's why Michael
found it so difficult
to accept my relationship
with Tony.
I wanted to ask you just a couple
of questions about Tony.
Mm-hm. Erm...
Did he ever talked to you about
the car accident 15 years ago?
Yeah. a bit.
His passenger died.
He was devastated.
He used to dream about it.
Did he ever mention someone
called Richard Gibbon?
He's a police officer.
Gibbon? Mm.
Erm... No.
I've never heard that name. OK.
And you're saying that there was
tension between Michael and Tony?
When Tony told me that we
were going to lose this house.
we talked about selling the cottage.
but it's Michael's home.
and he doesn't cope very well
with change.
Michael needs stability.
he needs peace.
We all do.
Especially Nicola.
I think she needs it
more than anyone.
You were trying to entrap her.
I thought if I caught her off-guard
she'd slip up.
I'm sorry.
but what do you expect me to do?
You made it pretty clear that
you weren't going to pursue it
any further. Because it's been
investigated twice. carefully.
I know.
Look. maybe...
Maybe Dad wasn't well.
Maybe he hid it from me.
If he did. it was to protect you.
It's what dads do.
Look. perhaps it would be best
if you went back to Manchester.
Best for who?
For everyone.
Because this isn't helping.
You. her.
the case.
I'll keep you informed
of any developments.
You will?
Someone will.
Here we are again.
MOBILE PHONE BUZZES
Hello?
Hi. My name is Ruth Sallinger.
I'm Tony's sister. Can you talk?
I found Richard on Saturday night.
He lied.
He was nowhere near Le Sauchet.
His car was on the road headed to
the hotel. two miles out. Jesus.
That's 20 minutes after
Tony's speech goes on Facebook.
Then nothing for an hour. until...
...we catch him on the same road
coming back.
That's plenty of time to kill Tony.
OK.
JIM EXHALES SHARPLY
This is great.
You think this.
with Karl's missing statements.
you think they make a case?
Not on their own.
And this needs to be watertight.
Right.
JIM EXHALES
OK...
We know...
...that Richard was at the hospital
for Tony's blood test.
We know... We think that there
are two different statements -
one said Tony was drunk.
one said he wasn't.
We know... It's possible Richard
saw the footage from Tony's speech.
We know that he did lie about his
movements the night Tony was killed.
All right. you're Richard...
...how do you remove the alcohol
from Tony's blood?
BOTH: I swap the bloods.
Have you got the results? Yeah.
Kara. have you got the interim
postmortem yet?
Yeah. on your desk.
It arrived this morning.
Really? Why didn't you tell me?
I did. I showed it to you.
You were busy.
You just waved me away.
Doesn't sound like me. It does.
Erm. OK. blah-blah-blah.
probable cause of death.
knife wound to the chest.
How do they do it?
What was Tony's blood type when
he gave a sample at the hospital?
A positive. Well. that's weird.
because when he died
he was O positive.
JIM EXHALES
Now we have a case.
BRADLEY EXHALES LOUDLY
If Richard wants proper channels...
That's exactly what we give him.
Inform Professional Standards.
let them handle it.
I will write a joint report on the
Professional Standards portal now.
then we send. OK. what shall we
do now? Shall we hug?
No. we don't hug. Come on. Jim.
bring it in. No. I'm good.
You're not a lone wolf anymore.
Jim. You open up your heart.
I swear to God. you touch me.
it's assault.
BRADLEY LAUGHS
I've known Monica since
she and Tony started dating
but I don't know her. know her.
so I needed to speak
to someone who does.
I wanted to ask you about the
accusation you made against her.
that she killed your dad.
Why do you ask?
I'm trying to ascertain
what she's capable of.
Tony told Monica told her
he was a partner in my company.
and obviously he isn't.
But he was worried that that
was what she loved about him
and that if he told her. that she'd
leave him and call off the wedding.
And what if Tony was right
and that is all Monica wanted?
She invested all this energy
into their relationship.
she thinks she's getting
this lifestyle.
and then she finds out
that he's been lying to her.
What would her reaction be?
What if that's what
"no more secrets" meant
and he told her that night?
And that's what got him killed?
KNOCK ON DOOR
Jim?
Have you come to apologise properly.
or haven't you done quite enough
damage to your career for today?
Either way. now is not the time.
I've got the Chairman
of the Rotary Club here.
Shall we pop something in the diary
for tomorrow? We'll invite Uma.
You need to excuse yourself.
Make time.
PHONE RINGS
Incident Room.
This is CCTV Monitoring. There was
a request to locate Karl Furman.
We've picked him up on a camera on
the north end of Clairvale Street.
Hang on. Clair...
...vale Street.
Cheers. Thank you.
According to his interim postmortem.
Tony Sallinger's blood type
was O positive.
Oh. marvellous.
Fascinating. And?
This is the lab work
for Tony Sallinger's blood sample.
The one that came back negative
for alcohol.
The sample that you were
responsible for supervising -
the one that got him off causing
death by dangerous driving.
The strange thing is. here.
Tony's bloody type is A positive.
Your sample was not
Tony Sallinger's blood.
Here's what I think happened.
You switched the bloods to save
Tony. No. no. that's not true.
But then years later he's about
to come clean. you panic.
you rush over to the hotel
and you kill him to cover it up.
I've never killed anyone
and I've never. never been corrupt.
Well. I mean. you have the floor.
And. while you're at it.
can you explain how
a Superintendent's salary gets you
a house this size. with this view?
Bought the year after
Tony's acquittal.
I bought it with the money I
inherited after my mother's death.
You can check. We will.
And this?
RICHARD: Tony Sallinger
was in A&E.
it was taking ages.
so I wandered off.
When I came back.
the blood tests had been done.
I picked up the sample.
signed for it and that was that.
I didn't think anything of it.
Where did you go?
I'm not proud of this.
I imagine.
I was having. erm...
...an affair with a lady who worked
at the hospital - a nurse.
She was on duty that night. so I...
So we...
Look. I was gone maybe half
an hour. certainly not more.
Darling. what's going on?
You need to carve the joint.
I'm so sorry.
Perhaps Dennis could do the honours?
Please don't wait.
I'll be in very shortly.
Just dotting some Is and Ts here?
Thank you.
When I came back from my...
...activity. I swear the blood
was just there. ready for me.
This nurse. what was her name?
How is that relevant?
I need to talk to her.
Annie Franklyn.
DOOR CREAKS
Karl?
Now tell me where you were
Saturday night.
Because you weren't at Le Sauchet.
In fact. you were very close to
Tony's hotel when he's murdered.
My relationship with Annie
is ongoing.
so I was at her house.
outside Saint Ouen.
It's. I don't know. maybe a mile
and a half away from that hotel.
off the same road.
She's. erm...
...where I go when
I go bird-watching.
Please. please don't tell Julie.
Here's to 30 years of wedded bliss.
Listen. if the blood changed.
somebody else must have done it.
Then thank God we're not
relying on you to find out who.
Look...
...we all know the reason you're
such a stickler for protocol.
That's because you have
zero instincts.
no skills. no intuition.
I'll see myself out.
Enjoy your dinner.
Better one mistake in 35 years
than being vain. cavalier
and arrogant.
Your disregard for protocol isn't
charming. Jim. It's dangerous.
It will end up getting
someone killed one day.
It might not be you.
but someone always gets hurt.
Karl?!
STAIRS CREAK
DOOR CREAKS
Karl?
Oh... Oh. it's all right.
it's all right.
Easy... Easy. mate. Look. hang on.
I'm a police officer. yeah?
Eh? I just want to ask you
a few questions.
Now. it's about when
you were a barman. OK?
Do you remember. you gave testimony
at an inquest 15 years ago?
You said that someone who
crashed their car was sober.
Yeah.
Yeah. I remember. Really?
So. what... what do you remember?
I remember because the guy
came back.
He paid me.
Ten grand.
I remember because Sally died.
So the man that you told
the police was drunk.
he came back and he paid you
to change your testimony
at the inquest and say that.
what. he hadn't been drinking?
I had to say I got it wrong.
I used to work with Sally.
She was so beautiful...
...and he killed her...
...cos he was drunk.
And I...
I took his money.
OK...
No. look. whoa. whoa. hang on.
hang on. hang on. Karl.
Hey. listen...
...I understand. and it's OK.
because the case could be reopened.
and. if it was.
would you be willing to testify
again. say what really happened?
Tell people that. well. the man
was drunk and then he bribed you.
Yeah... Yeah.
See. that's brilliant. Karl.
Right. so if I drive you
to the police station now.
would you be willing to say
what you just told me again
but on the record? I don't know.
I don't think I could handle that.
Not now. Karl. mate...
Maybe tomorrow.
I could do... I could do...
I could do tomorrow.
Karl. addiction is...
It's an illness. mate. so...
...how about I give you a little
something to tide you over. yeah?
Yeah. just...
Just to get us
to the police station.
See. look...
...I brought you this.
Good lad.
HE GURGLES
Help...
Argh!
Subtitles by Red Bee Media
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm